# CFLP-Instance-Generator
Generates test problem instances for the Capacitated Facility Location Problem

The proram "gencflp" randomly generates test problem instances for the capacitated facility location problem according
to a proposal of Cornuejols et al. (1991).

# Usage
gencflp <inputfile> <path>
         
where
- inputfile is an ascii file providing information about the test problem instances which "gencflp" should generate.
  This file must provide the following infomation.
  (1) Seed, i.e. an integer number specifying the seed number for the random number generator (if Seed=0 a seed number
      is generated automatically)
  (2) For every problem class:
      #customers  #depot sites  ratio  problem name             
      
      where "ratio" is the desired ratio of total capacity to total demand.
  
- path is an optional argument specifying the output path          
          
# Generated test instances
(1) Test problem set generated by gencflp.input1 
    (These will regenerate the instances  used in Klose and Goertz (2007))

(2) Test problem set generated by gencflp.input2
    These will regenerate the instances used in Goertz and Klose (2012)
    
# References
Cornuejols G, Sridharan R, Thizy J-M (1991) A Comparison of Heuristics and Relaxations for the Capacitated Plant Location Problem. Eur J Oper Res 50:280-297.

Klose A, Goertz S (2007) A branch-and-price algorithm for the capacitated facility location problem. Eur J Oper Res 179:1109-1125.

Goertz S, Klose A (2012) A simple but usually fast branch-and-bound algorithm for the capacitated facility location problem. INFORMS J Computing 24:597-610.
	
  
